feat(vercel): maxDuration config (#8867)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/vercel/README.md

});
```

### maxDuration

**Type:** `number`<br>
**Available for:** Serverless

> Use this property to extend or limit the maximum duration (in seconds) that the Serverless Function can run before timing out. See [Vercel documentation](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/serverless-functions/runtimes#maxduration) to find out the valid range for your plan. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this property to extend or limit the maximum duration (in seconds) that Serverless Functions can run before timing out. See the [Vercel documentation](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/serverless-functions/runtimes#maxduration) for the default and maximum limit for your account plan. 
```
Used some of Vercel's own wording here to correspond.

> ```js

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```diff lang="js"
``````
I think we can do this, per Hippo's docs, so that it will render as nicely as possible in Docs: 
https://github.com/expressive-code/expressive-code/blob/main/packages/%40expressive-code/plugin-text-markers/README.md#combining-syntax-highlighting-with-diff-like-syntax
